[EDU-4929] feature: add Docusaurus Material UI guide (#1120)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/index.mdx

- [How to deploy edge applications with the Vue Boilerplate](/en/documentation/products/guides/vue-boilerplate/)
- [How to deploy edge applications with the Vue3/Vite Boilerplate](/en/documentation/products/guides/vue-vite-boilerplate/)
- [How to deploy the Azion Starter Kit](/en/documentation/products/guides/azion-starter-kit/)

> - [How to deploy the Docusaurus Blog template](/en/documentation/products/guides/docusaurus-blog-template/)

Author: ```suggestion
- [How to deploy the Docusaurus Blog Starter Kit](/en/documentation/products/guides/docusaurus-blog-starter-kit/)
```

> - [How to deploy the Docusaurus Blog Starter Kit](/en/documentation/products/guides/docusaurus-blog-starter-kit/)

Author: ```suggestion
```
